
1. Biochem Soc Symp. 1981;(46):139-54.

Rotational and lateral movements in biomembranes: the dynamics of biomembrane
components.

Chapman D, Restall CJ.


PMID: 7039620  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Acta Neurol Latinoam. 1981;27(1-2):19-50.

[Electro-clinical and developmental forms of epilepsy as a function of their
appearance at different ages of life].

[Article in Spanish]

Gastaut H, Oller-Daurella L.

The authors review the different electroclinical varieties and the evolution of
epilepsy that appear in the six principal age groups: newborn, infancy,
childhood, adolescence, adult and aged. The aim of this study is to answer the
following questions: on one hand to find out if there exists in newborn, infant
or young child, a form of epilepsy entirely functional, dependent on a
constitutional epileptic predisposition transmitted on a genetic basis, which
correspond to the primary generalized epilepsy of the other age groups. If that
is so, to find out this mode of expression. On the other hand, to confirm whether
the proportion of primary generalized epilepsy varies according to the different 
ages of life, revealing a chance in the predisposition during life. The authors
propose the following answers to the above-mentioned questions: there exists at
birth a principally, functional form of epilepsy in relation to a constitutional 
predisposition. The usual electroclinical criteria are not applicable in this age
group due to brain immadurity, so it is not possible to identify this variety.
The progressive development of the brain in the infant and young child permits
the clinical and electrical individualization of generalized fits as distinct
from Petit or Gran Mal. These facts make it possible to confirm the existence of 
a principally functional epilepsy which corresponds to the primary generalized
epilepsy of the adolescent and older child. The epileptic predisposition,
principal factor responsible for primary generalized epilepsy, varies
considerably during life. The authors presume that its incidence differs in each 
age group. Based on the frequency of hyperthermic fits in the infant and young
child, the predisposition should be important in this age group, although the
actual proportion of primary generalized epilepsy is difficult to quantify. In
the older child it is possible to admit that the epileptic predisposition is
greater because primary generalized epilepsy represents more than a third of the 
types of fits observed. This tendence is even greater in adolescence, where this 
form of epilepsy represents over three quarters of the patients. In the adult and
aged patients, the epileptic tendency diminishes progressively, as can be seen
comparing the proportion of primary forms of epilepsy with other types (25% young
adult, 9% mature adult and 1% in the aged).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)


PMID: 6965168  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Infirm Can. 1981 Apr;23(4):19-21.

[Holidays for children on hemodialysis].

[Article in French]

Arsenault-Hébert E, St-Pierre M.


PMID: 6907199  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Kidney Int. 1983 Feb;23(2):414-26.

Pathophysiology of obstructive nephropathy.

Klahr S.

DOI: 10.1038/ki.1983.36 
PMID: 6842965  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Infusionsther Klin Ernahr. 1984 Aug;11(4):224-30.

[Behavior of free amino acids in severely burned patients (II: In the urine).
Clinical studies].

[Article in German]

Balogh D.

Urinary amino acids were measured in 10 severely burned patients weekly during 4 
weeks after burning. For control the same measurements have been made in 12
multiple injured patients during the first two weeks after the accident. In
burned patients the renal loss of free amino acids was up to 3 g/24 h +/- 1 in
the first week, together with a high excreation of sodium (450 mmol/24 h +/- 73) 
in the first week. Urinary output of ornithin (highest value in the 2nd week:
1093 +/- 525% of normal) and lysin (highest value in the 2nd week: 1093 +/- 525% 
of normal) and Lysin (highest value in the 1st week: 654 +/- 166% of normal) was 
increased and caused an augmented loss of cystin (645 +/- 133% of normal in the
first week) and 742 +/- 64% of normal in the second week. In the first and second
week after burning the excretion of valin was up to 12 times the normal.
Methionine-excretion staid high (5 times the normal) during all 4 weeks. The mean
rate of 3-methylhistidine output in urine (80 +/- 38 mg/24 h) was elevated from
the second until fourth week, suggesting muscle protein breakdown. In the control
group urinary excretion of glutamin and asparagin (1st week: 608 +/- 97% of
normal), threonin (2nd week: 693 +/- 240% of normal), serin (2nd week: 517 +/-
232% of normal) and histidin (1st week: 358 +/- 115% of normal) was high. Only
urinary citrullin, isoleucin, prolin and taurin were not elevated in both groups 
during all 4 weeks.


PMID: 6480099  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Union Med Can. 1984 Jun;113(6):485-8.

[Sensitivity of anaerobic bacteria to antibiotics: experience at Hôpital
Saint-Luc].

[Article in French]

Lamothe F, Bourgault AM, Turgeon P, Vincelette J, Gaudreau C, Turgeon F.


PMID: 6385431  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. J Antimicrob Chemother. 1983 Dec;12 Suppl D:97-108.

Pharmacokinetic and bacteriological correlations between antimicrobial therapy of
experimental meningitis in rabbits and meningitis in humans: a review.

McCracken GH Jr.

Animal models of bacterial meningitis have been developed to study antimicrobial 
pharmacokinetics and efficacy for eliminating bacteria from cerebrospinal fluid
(CSF) and to study pathophysiology. The correlation between observations in the
rabbit model and in paediatric patients with meningitis was evaluated. When
dosages of the beta-lactam or aminoglycosidic antibiotics which will produce
serum concentrations approximating those in the human were given to rabbits, the 
degree of penetration of antibiotics into CSF and the bactericidal activity in
CSF were comparable in rabbits and humans. Differing rates of elimination of
Gram-negative enteric bacteria from rabbit CSF correlated directly with the
bactericidal titres. However, in children with meningitis, this correlation was
not found. Instead, it appeared that there was a critical level of bactericidal
activity of 1:8 at which optimal killing of bacteria occurred. Increasing the
bactericidal activity beyond that point did not accelerate elimination of
bacteria from CSF. It is concluded that the rabbit model of bacterial meningitis 
is useful for predicting pharmacokinetics and activity of new antibiotics in CSF,
but not for predicting differing degrees of effectiveness among antibiotics.

DOI: 10.1093/jac/12.suppl_d.97 
PMID: 6365874  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Rev Chir Orthop Reparatrice Appar Mot. 1984;70 Suppl 2:167-9.

[178 silicone elastomer monobloc prostheses of the forefoot. Results at the 5th
year].

[Article in French]

Gauthier G.


PMID: 6236513  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Eur J Immunol. 1984 Apr;14(4):340-4.

Target structure for natural killer cells: evidence against a unique role for
transferrin receptor.

Dokhélar MC, Garson D, Testa U, Tursz T.

The transferrin receptor (TfR) was recently proposed as putative natural killer
(NK) cell target structure. Here data are presented against this hypothesis and
it is shown that low TfR expression and high NK sensitivity can occur
concommitantly . K562 cells were studied at various stages of cell proliferation.
No change in NK sensitivity could be observed between exponential growth and the 
plateau phase, whereas TfR expression completely disappeared during the latter.
Protein synthesis inhibitors such as cycloheximide (1 microgram/ml, 48 h) and
actinomycin D (50 micrograms/ml, 48 h), that abolished the TfR expression at the 
K562 cell surface, had no effect on NK sensitivity. Similarly, hemin induction
(0.1 mM, 5 days) did not change NK susceptibility of K562 cells but considerably 
diminished TfR expression. Moreover, attempts to block NK sensitivity with
anti-TfR monoclonal antibodies were unsuccessful, even when the 42.6 antibody,
which is known to bind to the active site of TfR, was used. Finally, no blocking 
of NK sensitivity could be achieved when K562 cells were preincubated with
saturating concentrations of transferrin or when transferrin was added during the
NK assay. It therefore seems doubtful that TfR is the unique target structure for
NK cells. It remains possible that TfR and NK target structures are often
coexpressed on actively dividing cells.

DOI: 10.1002/eji.1830140412 
PMID: 6327320  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Rev Med Interna Neurol Psihiatr Neurochir Dermatovenerol Med Interna. 1980
Mar-Apr;32(2):129-33.

[Incidence of systolic pressure drop during graded exercise tests in coronary
patients].

[Article in Romanian]

Streian C, Rab I, Arjoca I.


PMID: 6107974  [Indexed for MEDLINE]

